update ide doc to add env_var (#5358)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud.md

|---|---|
| [**Keyboard shortcuts**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/keyboard-shortcuts) | You can access a variety of [commands and actions](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/keyboard-shortcuts) in the IDE by choosing the appropriate keyboard shortcut. Use the shortcuts for common tasks like building modified models or resuming builds from the last failure. |
| **File state indicators**  |  Ability to see when changes or actions have been made to the file. The indicators **M, D, A,** and **•** appear to the right of your file or folder name and indicate the actions performed: <br /> <br /> - Unsaved **(•)** &mdash; The IDE detects unsaved changes to your file/folder<br /> - Modification **(M)** &mdash; The IDE detects a modification of existing files/folders<br /> - Added **(A)** &mdash; The IDE detects added files<br/> - Deleted **(D)** &mdash; The IDE detects deleted files.

> | **IDE version control** | The IDE version control section and git button allow you to apply the concept of [version control](/docs/collaborate/git/version-control-basics) to your project directly into the IDE. <br /><br /> - Create or change branches<br /> - Commit or revert individual files by right-clicking the edited file<br /> - [Resolve merge conflicts](/docs/collaborate/git/merge-conflicts)<br /> - Execute git commands using the git button <br /> - Link to the repo directly by clicking the branch name <br /> - Edit, format, or lint files and execute dbt commands in your primary protected branch, and commit to a new branch. <br /> - Use [environments variables](/docs/build/environment-variables#special-environment-variables) to dynamically set the `schema` or `database` based on the branch name. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **IDE version control** | The IDE version control section and git button allow you to apply the concept of [version control](/docs/collaborate/git/version-control-basics) to your project directly into the IDE. <br /><br /> - Create or change branches<br /> - Commit or revert individual files by right-clicking the edited file<br /> - [Resolve merge conflicts](/docs/collaborate/git/merge-conflicts)<br /> - Execute git commands using the git button <br /> - Link to the repo directly by clicking the branch name <br /> - Edit, format, or lint files and execute dbt commands in your primary protected branch, and commit to a new branch. <br /> - Leverage [environments variables](/docs/build/environment-variables#special-environment-variables) to dynamically use the Git branch name (such as using the branch name as a prefix for a development schema). |
```

> | **IDE version control** | The IDE version control section and git button allow you to apply the concept of [version control](/docs/collaborate/git/version-control-basics) to your project directly into the IDE. <br /><br /> - Create or change branches<br /> - Commit or revert individual files by right-clicking the edited file<br /> - [Resolve merge conflicts](/docs/collaborate/git/merge-conflicts)<br /> - Execute git commands using the git button <br /> - Link to the repo directly by clicking the branch name <br /> - Edit, format, or lint files and execute dbt commands in your primary protected branch, and commit to a new branch. <br /> - Leverage [environments variables](/docs/build/environment-variables#special-environment-variables) to dynamically use the Git branch name (such as using the branch name as a prefix for a development schema). |

Author: ```suggestion
| **IDE version control** | The IDE version control section and git button allow you to apply the concept of [version control](/docs/collaborate/git/version-control-basics) to your project directly into the IDE. <br /><br /> - Create or change branches<br /> - Commit or revert individual files by right-clicking the edited file<br /> - [Resolve merge conflicts](/docs/collaborate/git/merge-conflicts)<br /> - Execute git commands using the git button <br /> - Link to the repo directly by clicking the branch name <br /> - Edit, format, or lint files and execute dbt commands in your primary protected branch, and commit to a new branch. |
```
